1. How would you make an application testable, what do you do to ensure code quality?
- There are various tools available to test the application. For application developers,
we can use junit test cases to process basic functions. Programmers have to break the
complexity of the code as much as possible by creating testable code without dependencies.
Code quality can be increased by using tools like checkmarx, sonarqube, blackduck scan
and other tools to check for further analysis of the codes.

2. From a software development perspective, what steps might you take, on an ongoing basis, to
continually improve your skillset?
- As a developer I would like to work on the latest and greatest and safest technology frameworks to design
the application for the business. Depending upon the requirement we can utilize the available technology in the market.
For example Angular framework for efficiency, fast development and ease of integration with other platforms,
similarly we can use relational Database or NoSql database or graph database. Also, now we have cloud providers
like GCP, AWS or AZURE which will help organization tremendously to improve the quality of IT infrastructure.
Creating and learning new technology in different learning websites like pluralsight, hackerrank, codeacademy,
whizlabs etc have been helping me a lot to be upto date.

3. Provide an example of a time when you just couldn&#39;t complete all of your work on time to meet a
deadline. What did you do? What was the result?
- Since the introduction of an agile environment in my team, I have hardly missed the assignment for the sprint.
However, there was one incident which I can recall. We were assigned to upgrade all the datefields in our application.
There were probably around 100 changes within the application.
We initially thought it would take couple of sprint to complete all of these changes.
However, some of the datefield turn out to be little bit more complex to make changes in the UI.
So, I had to work on the weekends to meet the deadline.
We were able to complete most of the changes for the release date.
Also, I reach out to senior developers whenever I feel like stuck or couldn't figure it out.
Communication is the key to solve any issues in my opinion.